# cs-305

 Artemis Financial’s
this company is seeking to compete with the newer market by expanding and seeking out new clients on the web while using the public web there are client data is put at a greater risk then when they use paper and pencil and communicated in person. While their firm is seeking a global market and taking their financial knowledge and investments to the next level their application of reaching out left many different vulnerabilities and compliance issues. While working with this firm on some other applications we found some key vulnerabilities like exposing their username to the public along with the server address where someone could backtrace and infiltrate their network and gain complete control over everyone's financial accounts. In the beginning there were several adjustments that had to be made to address some other issues particularly their security vulnerabilities because it is important decode securely there are some 101 security measures that needed to be taken right off the bat to fix some of the issues and others or issues due to them not using up-to-date software it is very important to code security and make sure your software is up to date to patch any known vulnerabilities that may have came out or been exposed with the older software. Patches an updates to software are made to fix these issues or bugs with the software. I found the process of working through the vulnerability assessment challenging and helpful at the same time. It was challenging due to the fact that it was so overwhelming with information and a lot of duplicates so filtering through all that took a lot of time but I did find that once I got through all the muck that it became very helpful knowing what was going to be a duplice it and what was it at first I could not tell them apart at all. But now by the end I could tell very much apart from what was a vulnerability and what was a false positive a little bit better. When I approach the situation of the application I looked at both sides of the coin to increase security levels because I know application alone security is not enough what about the people on the other side of the screen looking at this information up for the clients how can we protect our clients from someone pretending to be them along with how can we protect our clients from a disgruntled employee. So by implementing a incription key and some standard rules and practices for the business like a clean room with no cell phone and no paper or pencil definitely helps the overall well being of the company along with adding extra layers of security to both sides for the customer and the company for liability of a disgruntled employee. I would have to say though the techniques and strategy that I came up with and that I would use in the future came from my current job working with the SCE within the week that I've been there they taught me a lot of different things about security and safeguards that are in place for both us and the customers we deal with even though this is a helpdesk position it's surprising the amount of people that try to call in and get account information that aren't even on the account even though they claim a name or a Social Security number. So in the future vulnerabilities in migration techniques are something I'm going to have to improve on since starting this position I've seen that there is not a perfect world when migrating upgrades or people moving from place to place can cause a lot of headache with security settings and there's nothing in place to help with it so as far as determining migration plan I have an idea but the implement it is a whole other story. When I was coding for this I did ensure my application was secure and functional without too much of a delay in the build because by adding too much security it could slow down the code even after refactoring it now I did not check to see if there is new vulnerabilities afterwards which is something I should have done but I feel pressed for time at this point. I did use the help of some of my classmates and my teacher too help guide me an employing certain resources. Also found there were some good forms out there like stack overflow to help guide me in a direction to tackle future assignments or tasks. I do know that sometimes I'm going to be asked for an example of work that you successfully completed in demonstrating your skills and knowledge an experience I would actually showcase that project 2 where I successfully demonstrated creating a certificate then getting it to show up on a website.
